Notes for meeting:


- Defence date?

- Defence Format?

- Topics covered, enough?

- Feedback on "Theory" for next meeting

- New meeting next week before handin

- Possible reasons for GPT4o being more affected by the split into 10 (error call timing).

- Wrong usage of "Outlier", can we get on the same page?

- Should the Repo be accessible for you guys, if so, should it be cleaned up? To what degree (Docker, Package control etc)?

-







